added FR server and Variant Analysis (#5921)
galaxyproject/training-material: events/tracks/gta2025-variant-analysis.md

---
layout: event-track

title: Variant Analysis
description: Welcome to the Variant Analysis track. Here you can learn about Variant Analysis. If you need support during the event contact us via the Slack Channel.

contributions:
    organisers:
        - khaled196
    instructors:
        - annasyme
        - khaled196
        - wm75

program:
  - section: "Variant Analysis introduction" 
    description: |
      If you are new to Variant Analysis please start with the following tutorials. If you encounter any issue please ask us on Slack.  
    tutorials:
      - name: exome-seq
        topic: variant-analysis
  - section: "Advanced analysis" 
    description: |
      Here are some more advanced tutorials you can follow if you like. If you encounter any issue please ask us on Slack.  
    tutorials:
      - name: somatic-variants
        topic: variant-analysis
      - name: somatic-variant-discovery

>         topic: variant-analysis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        topic: variant-analysis
      - name: sars-cov-2-variant-discovery
        topic: variant-analysis
      
```

---
layout: event-track

title: Variant Analysis
description: Welcome to the Variant Analysis track. Here you can learn about Variant Analysis. If you need support during the event contact us via the Slack Channel.

contributions:
    organisers:

>         - khaled196
>     instructors:
>         - annasyme
>         - khaled196
>         - wm75

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - poterlowicz-lab
        - khaled196
    instructors:
        - annasyme
        - khaled196
        - wm75
        - kkamieniecka
        - Mingkai14
```

Reviewer: @teresa-m  

Mingkai14 is not part of Contributors yet, Can you help me in adding him, His name is Mingkai Wang github Mingkai14

Reviewer 2: please add them here: https://github.com/galaxyproject/training-material/blob/main/CONTRIBUTORS.yaml

program:
  - section: "Variant Analysis introduction" 
    description: |

>       If you are new to Variant Analysis please start with the following tutorials. If you encounter any issue please ask us on Slack.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If you are new to Variant Analysis, please start with the following tutorials. They cover the essential knowledge about Variant Calling in different diploid systems and organisms. If you encounter any issues, please ask us on Slack.
```

    tutorials:
      - name: dip
        topic: variant-analysis
      - name: non-dip
        topic: variant-analysis
      - name: dunovo
        topic: variant-analysis
      - name: microbial-variants
        topic: variant-analysis
  - section: "Advanced analysis" 
    description: |

>       Here are some more advanced tutorials you can follow if you like. If you encounter any issue please ask us on Slack.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Here are some more advanced tutorials you can follow if you like. They apply the previous knowledge to selected use cases and introduce Beacon for data sharing and queries. If you encounter any issues, please ask us on Slack.
```
